Local functions and lambdas are outside init phase (#3674)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/init.md

}
```

> An instance property containing an `init` accessor is considered settable outside
> a local function or lambda in the following circumstances:

Reviewer: The wording here is somewhat ambiguous: it doesn't explicitly forbid local functions or lambdas. I would instead phrase it as:

```suggestion
An instance property containing an `init` accessor is considered settable in
the following circumstances, except when in a local function or lambda:
```

As a side note, this might be a good argument for `init` methods, and allowing applying that to local functions :).

Author: I like it. Thanks
